                                                                                                        1-working in the IT industry
   1) hi my nmae`s NATASHA 
   2) pleased to meet you I`m KHALID ALI
   3) plesed to meet you too
   4) Good morning whta is your name
   5) I`m ahmed. and you are?
   6) My nmae`s pgilip Nice to meet you 
   7} He everybody this is Ingrid
   8) hi 
   9) Ingrid this is ahmed lin, muhamda ali, mansur
   10) Nice meeting you all
   11) Llikewise
   12) Welcome to the team and good lick        
   
                                                							listening (6)          
    Keaim what do you do?
    I`m adminstarot network, who do you work for?
    I work for It. where are you Karim
    I`m from UZBEKISTAN
    I`m form use but naw I live in UZBEKISTON
    she`s from the US
    
    													Dear colleagues-aziz hamkasblar
    						My nmae is Abdumalik Abdumajid Abdulla va Men 
    						is the IT Support team leader.
    						The IT support team members
    						I`m Abdumajid va Abdulla
    						with our network adminstrator.
    						Abdumajid va Abdulla 
    					        I`m sistem maintenonce officers.
    					        my joy is to keep our systems going.
    					        he`s jop is to support you.
    					        He`s contact number.
    					        I`ts 675 567 567.
    					        
    				
    			      9-page	6-lesson	
    			              
 I work in an office, in Dubia but I`m from Canada.
 I work at SAP there. I start work at 8.15, have 
 lunch in a cafe for 1.30 and finish about 5.00
 
  					7-lesson
 1- I am young and strong, my priority is a very popular programmer.
  (men yosh va kuchliman, mening eng oliy maqsadim bu juda mashhur dasturchi bo`lish.)
  
 2- I wanted to travel to foreign countries and live in that places, but no states that I have not lost their land.
  (yoshligimdan hohlardimki chet davlatlarga sayohatga ketishdi va o`sha yerlarda yashab qolishni, lekin ulg`ayib tushndimku uzmdi yurtimga teng kelmas ekan hech davlatlar)					
  					
 3-My schedule is different every day every day is only a few returned events, I'll get up early in the morning and I'll visit Hulas agenda.
 (mening kun jadvalim har kun har hil bo`ladi lekn faqat qaytariladigan voqealar sanoqlidur, bullar ertalab turaman va yugraman keyn ishha kelaman so`ngra darsga boraman hulas kun tartibi har hil.)
		        
    					        
    					        
    					10-page 1-lesson 
    					
 1- HTML- Hyper,Text  Markup, Language (Giper matin belgialr tili)
 2- CSS- Cascading, Style, Sheets (Kaskidlek usulari varaqlari)  
 
 3- JS- java Script (o`yin skript)
 4- PHP- Hypertext Preprocessor (Gipertext Protrocessessor yoki PHP, asosan veb-serverlarni yaratish uchun ishlatiladigan server-shilliq tili. PHP - bu HTML va deyarli barcha moddiy va tegishli bo'lmagan ma'lumotlar bazasi bilan sinxronlashtirilgan platforma)
 
                              2-lesson (lesen) 11-audio
  Andrei:   Bob, can you hellp me plase?
  Bob:      Sure,
  Andrei:   I don`t understand this acrony. What does it STEND for?
  Bob:      Let me see. 'W3. I`m not sure. Maybe WWW, the World Wide Web.                               
  Andrei:   OK. What does P2P stand for? 
  Bob:      IT IS stands for person-to-person.                                
  Andrei:   OK. What does IP MIM
  Bob: 	    It means Internet Protocol 				
  Andrei:   How do you speel 'Portocol'?
  Bob:      p-o-r-t-o-c-o-l.					       
  Andrei:   Thanks. 						        
  Bob:      you`re welcome
    
                                	  					   
    		           	   3-lesson
 
 aijk
 bcdegptvz
 flmnsxz
 iy
 o
 quw
 r		           	
 
                                   4-lesson
                                   
                                      			   
    		 			   
    					   
    					   
    					   
    					   
    					   
    					   
    					        
    					        							
